[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna embrace the male gaze with
the sleazy yellow classic tour so let's
get to it the movie gets right down to
business opening on a sensual photoshoot
with dolls and lets us know upfront were
in for blurry lovemaking we then hard
transition into a college lecture on the
merits of the art of para genome
after class a small grumble of students
approach the professor to critique his
critique setting the cultural bar fairly
high for this type of movie goo'bye
stefano offers to take Danny home but
she's leaving with Jake so he wanders
off heartbroken we discovered through
her subsequent conversation that they
have a history and he's remained
creepily devoted to her
despite being continuously rebuffed
later under the bridge downtown we find
two coeds who just can't get enough
they're being spied upon by an
expert-level cat-and-mouse creeper he's
discovered but only in the context of
his plan because when Shawn runs off to
find him the stalker is able to circle
back cutting the lights strangling her
and then splitting her from stem discern
the next morning were treated to a
variety of creepster activity making
everyone as suspect in our minds Carol
takes it as good fun until she's shown
an article about her slain friend she
runs off crying despite the fact that
the article is gibberish
we then hop over to Jane and the
professor having a good flirt session
successfully sealed with a handshake
before parting ways that evening Stefano
tries to get Danny out of his system by
trolling for some high-class hookers
unfortunately he gets the flop sweats
and some performance anxiety resulting
in a brief but violent outburst the next
morning we see Roberto creeping around
again carefully watching as Carol hoists
herself onto the back of his hog and
then rides off she and her gentlemen
collars find themselves at a hippie
lovin of some sort
they smoke a joint and then begin a
lethargic three-way until she decides
she's not interested in wanders off it
is a nice day for a barefoot swamp walk
she stops short however when she sees a
shrouded figure in the distance she gets
disoriented in the fog and he manages to
catch up with her
Carol only makes a marginal effort to
escape and gets mutilated as a result
the next day the police addressed the
class to show off how good they are at
evidence and asked if anyone could tell
them who did it perhaps everyone looks
at everyone else casting numerous
aspersions that evening Danny receives a
menacing phone call telling her to
forget about the scarf previously
mentioned in class
unfortunately now that's all she can
think about on the verge of a nervous
breakdown her skeevy uncle Nino
recommends a vacation in the country
with friends to get her mind off things
the next day on her way home Danny is
confronted by Stefano in an alarming
fashion he professes his desire to own
her at any cost and she has a
recollection of him wearing the scarf
she breaks free and he runs off to avoid
further attention she then calls Jane
over as her most trusted confidant
rather than the police and pervy uncle
Nino earns his nickname the next day the
Gauss head to the country while Jane
goes to talk to Stefano rather than
calling the police his door is ajar and
his apartment is only mildly perverted
but he's not there the landlady jumps in
to confirm he hasn't been around lately
which makes me suspicious
Roberto reveals his presence on the
train in town the ladies demonstrate
their ability to attract the attention
of farmers and tradesmen alike they hang
around a bit and Jane eventually shows
up and confirms Stefano didn't do it
although it's not clear why she thinks
this Danny then convinces herself the
scarves were indeed different although I
don't really see it back in town we
establish how much the menfolk enjoy
casually discussing how moist their
loins become at the thought of sexually
assaulting the cosmopolitan ladies I
mean after all they use lotion and
everything back at the Villa we see a
creepy gloved hand grasping the window
bars as the ladies grasp each other and
the Cobblers here as well he runs back
to town and patiently waits in his
workshop for the killer to come and
slowly murder him what a good sport the
next morning Jane gets overstimulated
and takes a tumble injuring her leg and
revealing Roberto as the town doctor
there's no major damage so he provides
some narcotics and recommends a
follow-up appointment later on the girls
are bathing at the grotto and Stefano
totally gets busted people nothing I'm
just a tree but he disappears
successfully putting on a masterclass
for shy perverts that evening Jane doses
up on painkillers with a champagne
chaser and passes out the girls are
relaxing when they hear a knock on the
door and surprise it's a dead Stefano
delivery
the next morning Jane wakes up in the
Nightmare Realm but is unaware she calls
out for breakfast but receives no
response
she hobbles downstairs to find evidence
of shenanigans afoot which is quickly
confirmed those are definitely
shenanigans when the killer returns she
has no choice but to hide nearby and
watch in terror as the sicko
disassembles her casual acquaintances he
completes his work and carries off his
lady parts in a burlap sack Jane takes
this opportunity to check the phone
which is dead this results in an excess
of mouth noises
now in a panic she closes herself in her
room and quickly works to make it appear
unoccupied she attempts to attract
attention to no avail but we do come to
find that Roberto is wondering about
that follow-up Jane accidentally bumps a
chair attracting attention but she
manages to hide he only finds a room
with turndown service and a loud shutter
the killer leaves and locks the door
from the outside trapping her while he
finishes his dark business it takes all
day and he hits the lights on his way
out
unfortunately for Jane the neighborhood
horn dogs are back at loudly exclaiming
their lustful desires for the four young
girls at the villa enumerated in terms
of their womanly parts and in front of
mixed company meanwhile Roberto gets
word that no one has been up or down
from the villa and he gets a bug up his
ass about him at the house Jane is a
very clever method for escaping her
prison using a newspaper to acquire the
room team with some help she's
immediately choked only to learn the
killer was her doll obsessed professor
the whole time he's shocked to see her
because he doesn't view her as a mere
meat doll like the others so he emotes
about their filthiness and the trauma
that led him to this point as if we care
I mean go fly a kite bro but since death
is the best keeper he tries to put in
work with Jane only to be thwarted by
Roberto they have a classic 70s scuffle
in the barn and it spills out to the
nearby cliff face eventually sending
professor Franz over the edge and ends
happily ever after with some sort of
moral but I don't know what because I
didn't have the subtitles on Coursera
sutured a video screen to welcome okichi
request say no me [ __ ] chromatic
Picasso a good distribute order and that
was torso a 1973 hollow film that for
all its craziness had some stunning
visuals and a third act that was way
better than expectations if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching